camera foots weeks on here
I'm here with Colin from gigabyte the
mirror my dog and hotel in Taipei and
well we're not sharing the room like
that couple systems set up and they are
the z68 or the z68 if you you know from
England or Australia so we're going to
look at them and specifically the Intel
Smart Response technology and so we have
two systems in front of us today and we
want to show how much faster Intel Smart
Response is versus a hard drive only
system so both of these systems are
identically configured the only
difference being this one has Intel
Smart Response they're both gigabyte z68
ug7 b3 motherboards and a little bit
about Smart Response con can you tell us
quickly
what type of SSD does that have been in
the system so the benefit the main
benefit of Intel Smart Response is for
people who have low capacity SSDs like
and these systems are both 20 gigabyte
SSDs so you can use that low capacity
SSD and do a lot of caching on to that
so it's almost as if you had a much
higher capacity SSD that you've loaded
your OS onto and you've loaded your
applications onto but in reality all of
those applications and OS is loaded onto
a normal regular hard drive right is it
very is it automatic is it very easy for
the user to set up is there anything
they need to do yeah so the set up is
pretty easy first of all you have to
setup your your systems and and
configure them for raid and then you
install your OS when you install your
gigabyte drivers it'll automatically
install the the Smart Response
technology and all you have to do is
it's two simple steps to enable click it
and it's it's already enabled
all right colors just got done giving us
a brief introduction of the Intel Smart
Response technology no get sweetness
here big come on and skew you know they
going to set up systems so we're gonna
see what how effective this technology
is so let's go on three two one
so again like these are both identical
systems the one on the right has the
Smart Response SST technology the one on
the left is traditional just a
traditional hard drive
to basically what we're looking for here
is for the system on the right so you
get into Windows and finish loading
before the system on the left you can
see it's in there and it's loaded the
system on the left is still going and
it's the hourglass is still ticking over
and now it's done say you know there was
you know time difference there and
that's one that's just a start up time
there's gonna be other benefits to this
technology as well but this is just a
quick look at what you can expect from
this technology on the z68 platform and
then gigabyte motherboards that would
shut that shutdown time so on one though
these guys will turn off the system will
save time shuts down first so 331
and that's off now the other myself so
that was I was a little slow I guess I'm
calling the system on the rise but yeah
you can see this technology does work
and there are definite speed legacy kind
of improvements here